---
layout: post
title: "My Blood is Salt"
date:   2017-12-25 12:00:00
categories: life
permalink: /saltiness/
---

As the new year approaches I feel like it is as good a time as any to reflect on and post about what has occurred this year.

This year's experiences have caused me to dislike most common social behaviors and strongly wish that those responsible for them would just go away. In other words my sodium levels have increased to the point that my blood is pretty much just highly corrosive seawater, and is getting continuously saltier every day. Among the most sodium inducing events in my life are things such as viewing social media, seeing people not re-rack their weights at the gym, and the annoying fashion sense of the bourgeoisie all around me. 

In the past, I was always trying to think of ways I could change the behavior of others but lately I have mellowed out and [***SETTLED***][1] on the fact that it is much better to simply mind my own business. Excess sodium consumption is avoided by focusing on my own personal happiness and letting others do so as well. Moreover, if their behavior is degenerate and causes self-inflicted misfortune, I can use schadenfreude to convert that misfortune into personal happiness. The process is similar to how plants use photosynthesis to convert carbon dioxide into glucose and oxygen, except carbon dioxide is the misfortune of others and glucose+oxygen is personal happiness. This also reminds me of the quote by Gandhi about being the change you want to see in the world, rather than trying to force that change onto others. 

As if enough edginess has not already been infused into this post, I am also getting to that age where I sometimes use the Internet to search up people that have mistreated me in the past. Upon doing so, it is delightful to see that most of them have not ended up well. As mentioned already in a [previous post][2], bad things happening to bad people is not really "misfortune", but is more appropriately called "justice." Almost as if I were watching the movie *Titanic*, it warms my heart and brings a tear to my eye to see that there is lots of "justice" occurring in the world. In fact, just today I randomly thought about someone who was unpleasant to me when I was younger, looked them up, and discovered that life has not treated them well. The increase in my happiness felt like believing once again that Santa exists and has left many presents for me underneath a Christmas tree.

Finally, unrelated to everything above, I have recently a minor pay increase at my job. It is nothing significant to write home about, but nevertheless contributes to increasing my overall happiness. So far I have spent  ALLLL of it on financing my various frivolous pursuits... like organic food.

Special shoutouts to a special individual who made very stylish piece of clothing for me. 10/10 would recommend. Would spare from the Purge if society collapses (^: .

❄❄Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays❄❄

[1]: http://seanwang.org/settlements/
[2]: http://seanwang.org/schadenfreudic/
