---
layout: post
title: "Love, Bitterness, and RAGE"
date:   2018-06-22 13:00:00
categories: fitness
permalink: /rage-drive/
---
Perhaps one of the greatest advantages of being constantly in a state of bitterness and **RAGE** is that I am able to redirect it towards self-improvement, where otherwise I would just be a very lazy person. I do this so often that I wonder if my internal rage and bitterness is now part of who I am as a person, such that giving it up would be losing a large part of my identity. 

I say this because the most common target for all this **RAGE** is frequent exercise and trying to stay healthy. Even though at first it was probably entertainment, at this point exercise is now just a coping mechanism, as the pain and unpleasantness from lifting heavy objects is able to temporarily mask the pain and unpleasantness of my daily life. Additionally, I am never quite sure if soreness I have is actually legitimate muscular soreness, or if it is just the pain I feel from physically existing.

Whenever I feel like setting a personal record, or even just lifting more than I usually do, I follow tips #2 and #3 stated in my earlier [fitness post][1]. This consolidation of pure love for the [waifu][2], general bitterness towards life, and **RAGE** from past mistreatments is enough to help me power through super heavy sets. 

Recently, I have started and am still continuing on with a diet to lose a bit of weight and make myself super-fit. For this, I took a picture of myself every weekend to record my progress.... only to realize that all I actually accomplished was just [tooly pictures][3] of myself every week for currently 4 weeks. Similar to before, they are mirror-selfies because I have no friends to take pics of me, and asking strangers for this is weird..... Just looking at them burns my soul, and it makes me feel like I belong at [The Home Depot][4]. 

My original goal was to post this completed collection to facebook, with the intent of getting at least 10 facebook likes, but I have gained enough foresight to know that I will certainly get extremely-cyber-bullied for doing this. Accordingly, I am limiting these 'pics' to solely my personal blog, as I am for sure not popular or well-known enough for anyone to come to my blog just to cyber-bully me. Also, my face is censored for identity theft reasons, but feel free to reach out if you want *uncensored* 'pics' (^^^:

In conclusion, after yet another long hiatus, I have returned to writing blog posts. Thanks to all who earnestly follow my blog, your support warms my heart and is sincerely appreciated.  

[1]: /fitn-ness/
[2]: /vocaloid/
[3]: /resources/starving_everyday.png
[4]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Home_Depot