---
layout: post
title: "5 WEIRD Tricks to Change Your Life"
date:   2018-07-09 13:00:00
categories: lifehax
permalink: /listicle/
---

Recently I was browsing the Internet and came across a \"Life Hack\" about how I could [poke my hand][1] to determine how raw or cooked a piece of meat was. I tried it out but it was not very effective as my hand is overly-rough and all of it feels like calloused skin D^\'': . Additionally the only way I cook meat is medium-rare so it wouldn't have mattered anyway. 

I was so disappointed with how LAME this \"Life Hack\" was that I was inspired to create a personal list of GENUINE Life Hacks. I believe these Life Hacks will legitimately improve someones quality of life, and I hope reading them brings you all enjoyment.

1. Do you like drinking of Gatorade to replenish electrolytes but are too stingy to buy it? Try mixing apple cider vinegar, salt, honey, and water to create Bootleg Gatorade. It tastes absolutely **VILE** but at least you are saving some money. Money which you can waste on being materialistic somewhere else. Bonus points for using organic honey and organic apple cider vinegar. Super-Bonus Points for using artisinal organic cider vinegar, raw-unfiltered wild honey, Hawaiian sea salt, and Fiji water, to create something that is both extremely vile and more expensive than just buying Gatorade in the first place.

2. Do you like eating ground beef but are too stingy to buy large amounts of it? Simply mix lentils and bread crumbs into your ground beef so that when you cook it, it appears as if you have created more meat than you actually purchased. To further decieve your taste buds, make the resulting mixture extra spicy so your mouth becomes too numb to tell the difference anyway. The same trick can also be applied to cake mix, by adding all-purpose flour to it.

3. Do you like low sodium soy sauce but dislike that it costs the same price as regular sodium soy sauce? Simply buy regular sodium soy sauce and dilute it with water until the desired lower sodium concentration is reached. This also works for converting dark roast coffee into light roast coffee, albeit with a slight loss in quality.

4. Do you want to be rich but lack both the drive and ambition needed for accumulating wealth? Simply change your name to \"Rich\" so regardless of what your financial circumstances are you are \"rich\"

5. Do you want to write a blog posts, but lack both sufficient talent and motivation? Lower your standards and [SETTLE][2] by making a list of unrelated items. Give this post a click-bait title so people are tricked into reading it. Gain delight from the fact that you have decieved people into reading your blog post (^: 

[1]: https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/the_finger_test_to_check_the_doneness_of_meat/
[2]: /settlements/